{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1045{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red17\green85\blue204;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red217\green217\blue217;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sb480\sa120\sl288\slmult0\fs40\lang21 Source2Sea - Backend Coding Challenge\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs21 Welcome to Source2Sea\rquote s backend coding challenge! The following document is split into four main sections:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb220\sl23\slmult0\cf1\ul Your task\cf0\ulnone  - This section outlines the problem we would like you to solve.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl23\slmult0\cf1\ul\fs21 Our expectations\cf0\ulnone  - Here we lay out our expectations so it's clear where you should focus your time.\cf2\fs22\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf1\ul\fs21 How we review\cf0\ulnone  - We want to be open about how we're assessing our candidate's solutions, this helps us maintain consistency as well as provides you with further clarity about what we are looking for.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa220\sl23\slmult0\cf1\ul\fs21 Questions we may ask\cf0\ulnone  - Here we share some pointers around the kind of questions we may ask during the assessment.\ul\par

\pard\sb360\sa80\sl0\slmult0\ulnone\fs34 Your task\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs21 We would like you to build a simplified e-commerce API with a single endpoint that performs a checkout action. The single endpoint should take a list of watches and return the total cost.\par
In terms of programming languages, we mostly work with Kotlin and Java, if you feel that you have the experience to build a solution in either of those languages then please do. Otherwise, we are happy for you to build a solution using a language and framework that you feel best showcases your ability.\par

\pard\sb280\sa80\sl0\slmult0\cf2\fs26 Watch catalogue\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs21 Below is a catalogue of four watches and their associated prices:\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph160\trrh400\trpaddl160\trpaddr160\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx1230\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx2835\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx4155\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5385 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\b Watch ID\b0\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs21 Watch Name\b0\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\b\f0\fs21 Unit Price\b0\f1\fs22\cell\b\f0\fs21 Discount\b0\f1\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph160\trrh420\trpaddl160\trpaddr160\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx1230\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx2835\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx4155\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5385 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\f0\fs21 001\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs21 Rolex\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\f0\fs21 100\f1\fs22\cell\f0\fs21 3 for 200\f1\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph160\trrh420\trpaddl160\trpaddr160\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx1230\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx2835\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx4155\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5385 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\f0\fs21 002\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs21 Michael Kors\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\f0\fs21 80\f1\fs22\cell\f0\fs21 2 for 120\f1\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph160\trrh420\trpaddl160\trpaddr160\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx1230\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx2835\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx4155\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5385 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\f0\fs21 003\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs21 Swatch\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\f0\fs21 50\f1\fs22\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph160\trrh420\trpaddl160\trpaddr160\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx1230\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx2835\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx4155\clcfpat2\clcbpat6\clbrdrl\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx5385 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\f0\fs21 004\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs21 Casio\f1\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\qr\f0\fs21 30\f1\fs22\cell\cell\row 
\pard\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs21\par
There are a few requirements worth noting here:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb220\sl23\slmult0 The first two products have a possible discount. As an example, if the user attempts to checkout three or six Rolex watches then they will receive the discount price once or twice, respectively.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl23\slmult0\cf0\fs21 There is no limit to the number of items or combinations of watches a user can checkout.\cf2\fs22\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf0\fs21 There is no limit to the number of times a discount can be used.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa220\sl23\slmult0\cf0\fs21 Similarly, a user can checkout a single item if they wish.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard\sb280\sa80\sl0\slmult0\fs26 Endpoint reference\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs21 As a further guideline here's an endpoint definition that you can use to design your API endpoint.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl0\slmult0\cf2\b Request\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 POST {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://localhost:8080/checkout }}{\fldrslt{http://localhost:8080/checkout\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs21\par
\par
# Headers\par
Accept: application/json\par
Content-Type: application/json\par
\par
# Body\par
[\par
  "001",\par
  "002",\par
  "001",\par
  "004",\par
  "003"\par
]\par
\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl0\slmult0\cf2\b Response\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 # Headers\par
Content-Type: application/json\par
\par
# Body\par
\par
\{ "price": 360 \}\par

\pard\sb360\sa80\sl0\slmult0\fs34 Our expectations\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs21 We expect this task to take 2-4 hours but we purposefully don't specify a hard time-limit. This is because we don't want this task to take over your weekend, nor do we want to impose an unnecessarily stressful deadline.\par
How you approach the problem is more important to us than completing the challenge, therefore we expect you to include the following:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb220\sl23\slmult0 A \b README\b0  that documents how to set up and run the application, how you approached it and what you would improve.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl23\slmult0\cf0\fs21 Whether you are submitting your solution via GitHub or compressing the solution into one zip file we would appreciate it if you include the \b Git commit history\b0 . This provides us with a view on how you break down problems and how you work.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa220\sl23\slmult0\cf0\b\fs21 Automated testing\b0  is an important part of how we work here on the Source2Sea Engineering Team and we expect you to include some in your solution.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard\sb360\sa80\sl0\slmult0\cf0\fs34 How we review\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs21 When reviewing your solution we try to make sure we\rquote re consistent in our evaluation by following five core themes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb220\sl23\slmult0 Correctness - We don\rquote t expect you to handle all the possible edge cases but we do expect the solution to adhere to the core requirements laid out in this document.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl23\slmult0\cf0\fs21 Documentation - For us, this is more about including a clear and concise README and the commit history and less about covering the codebase in comments.\cf2\fs22\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf0\fs21 Testing - We also evaluate your approach to automated testing and whether there's a reasonable mix of functional (or integration) tests and unit tests.\cf2\fs22\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf0\fs21 Readability - Writing code in a team requires having empathy for how other team members will interpret that code. Here we look for things like duplication, method names, variable names and consistency.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa220\sl23\slmult0\cf0\fs21 Application architecture - We look at whether the solution follows a conventional architecture based on the language and framework. We also expect to see some modularisation with a few separate components that have clear responsibilities.\cf2\fs22\par

\pard\sb360\sa80\sl0\slmult0\cf0\fs34 Questions we may ask\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\fs22 What framework(s) did you use to implement the app? Why did you choose them?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}What would you add or do differently if you had more time?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}How would you implement CI/CD?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Where would you deploy this app and why? Which option do you prefer over others?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}What testing did (or would) you do and why?\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs21\par
Thank you for reading and thanks for taking part in our interview process. We look forward to receiving your solution!\par
\par
- The Engineering Team at Source2Sea\par
\fs22\par
\par
}
 